little
Congratulations on preparing for the job position in the upper courtyard
I'm grateful to have Sister Wang speak for me
I'll treat you to dinner when I have time. You're welcome.
I didn't do much
Die Xiaoji is always looking for you
Uncle, you have wronged you during this time.
The company will be smaller than you
It's okay, it's not wronged, it's like this.
I have seen the songs you wrote
I really appreciate your talent.
The company now comes up with new products
Divert fans' attention
At the same time, you need to go back to the company
We want to release a new album with your songs
I don't know if you want to
Yes of course
You can choose whatever you want
I will make them fully admire
It is. It is.
You're all right?
Is this also an opportunity for me?